Speaker 0    00:00    This call may be monitored and recorded.   Speaker 2    00:04    <inaudible>   Speaker 0    00:06    thank you for calling CS home solutions. Taking care of all of your property maintenance needs. Press one. If you are a new customer inquiring about a bid or a job, press two. If you are an existing customer, let's questions about a current job. Press three. If you, your call is being transferred, please hold. Yes, Holmes. Loosens. This is Rob. Hi, my name is Ellen Schroeder. Um, I live at one seven six seven Pearl street number two Oh five and Denver eight zero two Oh three. I'm looking for someone to replace some tiles that my plumber hedges knock on. He was repairing my bath. Oh, okay. Okay, excellent. Now, uh, I just said your name was Alex. A. L. a. N. okay, fantastic. Alan, I apologize. I'm just, I'm out in the field. I'm still squawking to my truck. You're talking to the snow. Just give me 30 seconds here. I would love to take down all your information to get you taken care of here. Um, I want to, is this a rental property or is this a unit that you, that you own? I own it. Oh, okay. Fantastic. Okay, great. Great. Um, I apologize. Just give me one, one moment here.   Speaker 2    01:44    Sure.   Speaker 0    01:47    Well, I'm sitting inside looking now at your outside wanting to be in, so I understand. Yeah. I'll tell you what, I actually was just thinking today may end up being in a short day. I'm actually not too far from you, I believe. Wait, is it coming down quick and heavy? Huh? <inaudible> at a hospital window. So I should be home by one o'clock. Oh geez. I hope everything's on totals.   Speaker 2    02:18    Well   Speaker 0    02:20    that's the nature of my life is I could just see a lot of doctors and in the Safeway store pretty much you have control of my wallet. Oh boy. Unfortunately I can somewhat relate to that and wish that weren't the case. Okay. My friend, I just now made it into the truck. Let me pull out my pad and go ahead and take down some information. Okay. Okay, Allie, uh, let me with, is this a good number to reach you at? Is this your main line? Uh, it's my cell phone, so yes. Fantastic. Okay, great. So it's eight five four, eight, four, four, three. And Alan, is there a good email address for you or do you like to use this number as, as the primary point of contact? Well, uh, yes is an email address. If you're ready, I can give it to you. Sure. Whenever you're ready. It's C O N R a. D. O. N. R. E. Ash. Okay. U as in university. W as in why? I mean, why is it yellow? Well listen, orange shirt, he is an education D as in dog. U is, I'm Jewish. It a better one for using laundry lists. The heavy Joe. That's a great one.   Speaker 0    04:09    Okay, so Conrad at w. Y. O. Dot. EDU? No, it's U w. Y. L. Oh, okay. You w Y O. Dot. E D. U? Yes. Dot com. Okay. Excellent. All right. And I apologize. Let me go ahead and take your address one more time as well. All right. It's one seven six seven Pearl street number two Oh five okay, excellent. And you said we're looking at doing some tile repair, right? Oh sure. North thrill street and there's a South Pearl street and I'm North Pearl street. Oh eight (302) 038-0203.   Speaker 0    05:14    Okay, great. And okay, so it's bathroom tile. Correct. Okay. Right. It's the trials on the, on the wall of the fact you had to knock out to replace the drain. Oh, okay. Okay, great. No, I'll tell you what, this sounds fantastic. I would assume that your, your hope is to get this going as soon as possible. Yes, I would like. Okay, fantastic. Yeah, I mean I generally tell people where, you know, about a week or so out, um, scheduling lies. However, of course, if this is a, I don't know if this is your only, uh, bathtub, I'm sure you're, again, very anxious to get it done as soon as we can. Um, but what I'm going to go ahead and do, uh, Alan is I'm going to, I'm going to get all this contact information and I'm actually gonna send it over here within the next few minutes to our boss.   Speaker 0    06:11    Uh, Steve, he handles all of the logistics and the scheduling and we're going to put you on the schedule to get out there as soon as possible and take a look at it. Um, so we can tell you exactly what we're looking at and hopefully get this project, uh, taken care of. We do quite a bit of these types of repairs, so I think it shouldn't be an issue at all. Um, the biggest thing is obviously just just, uh, time and getting you fit into our schedule. Um, and Allen, do you mind telling me, I'm just curious how it is that you heard of us? I called, uh, Logan. Oh, excellent. Oh great. Okay. Yeah, we think we love those guys. They're very good to us. They, if they're great people. Um, okay. Awesome. Well, I'll tell you what, um, Allen, I'm going to go ahead and get ahold of Steve. I'm going to send him all of your contacts and um, yeah, just, just go ahead and expect a call. Uh, hopefully, uh, this afternoon, or, you know, by this time tomorrow from Steve and we're going to set up a time to get out there and, and take a look at everything. Right. That would be great.   Speaker 0    07:22    Okay. Alan, what was a pleasure talking to you and I look forward to meeting you soon. Thank you very much. I thank you. You have a good day. You shaved off there. Thank you very much. You too. Bye. 